capital = 141	

set_research_slots = 0

add_ideas = {
	en_svensk_tiger
	neutrality_idea	
	free_trade
	no_spies_idea
	neutral_minor
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1932.9.18"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 75
	neutrality = 14
	communism = 8
	fascism = 3
}

set_convoys = 90
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.1

recruit_character = SWE_per_albin_hansson
recruit_character = SWE_sven_olov_lindholm
recruit_character = SWE_sven_linderot
recruit_character = SWE_axel_pehrssonbramstorp
recruit_character = SWE_erik_af_edholm
recruit_character = SWE_per_sylvan
recruit_character = SWE_gosta_ehrensvard
recruit_character = SWE_torsten_friis
recruit_character = SWE_erik_palmstierna
recruit_character = SWE_helge_stromback
recruit_character = SWE_helge_jung
recruit_character = SWE_olof_thornell
recruit_character = SWE_bengt_nordenskiold
recruit_character = SWE_ivar_holmquist
recruit_character = SWE_fabian_tamm
recruit_character = SWE_charles_de_champs
recruit_character = SWE_axel_rappe
recruit_character = SWE_thorwald_bergquist
recruit_character = SWE_oscar_nygren
recruit_character = SWE_axel_ljungdahl
recruit_character = SWE_archibald_douglas
